---
layout: ../../layouts/Work.astro
title: Amazon
description:
published: 12/28/2023
year: 2021-2022
logo: /images/amazon-logo.svg
---

## Amazon

Unfortunately due to the nature of the role I had at Amazon, I am not able to share visual artifacts from my time there. However, I wrote extensively about my experience at Amazon in [this post](/thoughts/my-experience-at-amazon). What I can share is my involvement in 2 projects: a tool for generating marketing graphics and a promotion scheduling tool. 

### Promotion Scheduling
 
The other tool that I supported was the creation of a Promotion Scheduling UI that allowed marketers to schedule the dates of a promotion, manage the assets, and track the results of the campaign. I supported this project primarily from a design perspective and was responsible for working across teams and communicating with high level leaders. 

### Graphics Tool

I worked for a team that supported sales and marketing for Amazon Devices. Whenever you see a graphic promoting or running a sale for an Amazon device it, it was likely generated by this tool. The original need for the project was that the graphic design team was overwhelmed and unable to turn around the volume of graphics to support the marketing team's needs. In order to address these concerns, our team built a scrappy tool that allowed marketers to self serve their own graphics by providing inputs for the marketing copy, device and background and allowed them to select from brand approved assets to compose their graphic. I worked on a number of projects for this tool including building an image library interface, migrating the Vue application to Vue 3, and integrating a router so marketers could deep link to different parts of the app. I also spent time writing a design document for integrating an auth / permissions system that integrated with existing groups to be able to support secret projects that were not disclosed to the full org. 